README.md, before:

# OpenUSD Code Samples
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) [![See the Code Samples](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenUSD-Code_Samples-green
)](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/dev-guide/latest/programmer_ref/usd.html)

This repository contains useful Universal Scene Description (OpenUSD) code samples in Python, C++, and USDA. If you want to browse the code samples to use them, you can see them fully rendered in the [OpenUSD Code Samples documentation](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/dev-guide/latest/programmer_ref/usd.html) page.

## Configuration
This repository uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for dependency management. If you're new to Poetry, you don't need to know much more than the commands we use in the [build instructions](#How-to-Build). To make it easier when authoring code samples and contributing, we recommend installing:
1. Install any version of Python between versions 3.8-3.10 .
1. [Install Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

## How to Build
1. `poetry install`
1. `poetry run python build_docs.py`
1. In a web browser, open `sphinx/_build/index.html`

## Have an Idea for a New Code Sample?
Ideas for new code samples that could help other developers are always welcome. Please [create a new issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/OpenUSD-Code-Samples/issues) requesting a new code sample and add the _new request_ label. Someone from the NVIDIA team or OpenUSD community will pick it up. If you can contribute it yourself, even better!

## Find a Typo or an Error?
Please let us know if you find any mistakes or non-working code samples. [File an issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/OpenUSD-Code-Samples/issues) with a comment that this is a bug.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please read our [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand how to contribute. Also, check out the [Code Sample Guidelines](CODE-SAMPLE-GUIDELINES.md) to understand how code samples file and folders are structured in this repository and how to adhere to follow our code samples style.

## Disclosures
The goal of this repository is to help developers learn OpenUSD and be more productive. To that end, NVIDIA reserves the right to use the source code and documentation in this repository for the purpose of training and/or benchmarking of an AI code assistant for OpenUSD developers.

Commit message:

Change request label process (#61)
Non-code owners cannot add labels to issues.
This requests users to put a tag in the issue title instead.

Signed-off-by: cadop <cadop@users.noreply.github.com>

README.md, after:

# OpenUSD Code Samples
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)](https://opensource.org/licenses/Apache-2.0) [![See the Code Samples](https://img.shields.io/badge/OpenUSD-Code_Samples-green
)](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/dev-guide/latest/programmer_ref/usd.html)

This repository contains useful Universal Scene Description (OpenUSD) code samples in Python, C++, and USDA. If you want to browse the code samples to use them, you can see them fully rendered in the [OpenUSD Code Samples documentation](https://docs.omniverse.nvidia.com/dev-guide/latest/programmer_ref/usd.html) page.

## Configuration
This repository uses [Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/) for dependency management. If you're new to Poetry, you don't need to know much more than the commands we use in the [build instructions](#How-to-Build). To make it easier when authoring code samples and contributing, we recommend installing:
1. Install any version of Python between versions 3.8-3.10 .
1. [Install Poetry](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#installation)

## How to Build
1. `poetry install`
1. `poetry run python build_docs.py`
1. In a web browser, open `sphinx/_build/index.html`

## Have an Idea for a New Code Sample?
Ideas for new code samples that could help other developers are always welcome. Please [create a new issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/OpenUSD-Code-Samples/issues) requesting a new code sample and put [New Request] at the end of your title. Someone from the NVIDIA team or OpenUSD community will pick it up. If you can contribute it yourself, even better!

## Find a Typo or an Error?
Please let us know if you find any mistakes or non-working code samples. [File an issue](https://github.com/NVIDIA-Omniverse/OpenUSD-Code-Samples/issues) with a comment that this is a bug.

## Contributing
Contributions are welcome! If you would like to contribute, please read our [Contributing Guidelines](./CONTRIBUTING.md) to understand how to contribute. Also, check out the [Code Sample Guidelines](CODE-SAMPLE-GUIDELINES.md) to understand how code samples file and folders are structured in this repository and how to adhere to follow our code samples style.

## Disclosures
The goal of this repository is to help developers learn OpenUSD and be more productive. To that end, NVIDIA reserves the right to use the source code and documentation in this repository for the purpose of training and/or benchmarking of an AI code assistant for OpenUSD developers.
